what is on my fellow Dean's I am loading
the tool the epic gamer and you probably
already know why you're here to find the
place with the most soul gems of all
time the place where soul gems come in
very very large quantity so you're gonna
go to this place called a mask in the
fifth way what's all these stupid names
anyways it's missing shy left
residential left even for the next
installment because they feel like it
has an accent
maybe not the Russian but I'm going to
put the Russian accent on it anyways so
the first thing you're gonna do is
you're gonna come into this place we're
fighting a butt ton a pooper ton full of
friggin bandits just just numerous
amounts just kidding there's not that
many but look at this point where
there's stop being bandits and it starts
being dwarven spheres and doorman
spiders now there's a couple dormant
spheres and spiders already dead on
there your way in so you already know
this is a dwarf in place if you couldn't
tell already from the outside so it's a
pretty basic place and you're going to
go through it in just kind of keep going
and going and run out of stamina here
that kind of sucks and on each of these
dwarven spheres and spiders anything
dwarven made all of them have a soul gem
some of them aren't full but all of them
have a soul gem the reason they have
soul gems on them is because how do you
get a creature to move that's inanimate
well you give it a soul so when all
these these creatures have souls
they're now able to move I believe this
was a yeah I think this is a mastered or
something like that I got really lucky
on this door in that chest I think that
was an expert door and a master chess
back there that was pretty decent pretty
worth it amazing loot off this place now
this is the part where you start having
a lot of dwarven spheres and spiders and
stuff and no more bandit savants are now
over you go through three phases
actually for one of them being a repeat
you have through bandits first then you
will go to the Dwarven man-made things
and then you will go to the Falmer which
are they weird merlok people and after
that you'll be dwarven people again so
that's the first time you see a
Centurion which is right here you won't
have to fight a Centurion until you get
to the very end and then spoiler alert
you're going to have to fight a master
centurion and the master Centurion not
to Artie's really weak if use range on
him especially he won't he won't bother
you no I didn't get a bite once but all
of these things
this guy has pretty decent stuff on them
cuz you can smell that down into Dwight
blobbin ingots but yeah they all have
soul gems on it this is a great place
and I'll keep going so I can get to the
Falmer part I want to leave the last bit
for you guys you guys can do the last
bit by yourself this is a little lever
trick right here not trick thing right
here and I was kind of fun so I hope you
guys have fun doing that so this is the
part where you go to the Falmer are you
going to start going down into the
depths obviously it says depths right
there and when you get down there you
will see dwarven and a drug or a foamer
sorry I thought it was a drug of first
but yeah it's all farmer down here from
here on out you're all farm follow Murr
or whatever however you said and you get
some sweet loot you will actually get
the full Falmer set I have it on me
actually so I can show you it looks
sweet but do have a weapon of it I don't
think I picked up the shield let's back
out a little bit I don't know how badass
you think that looks but it looks pretty
baller it's getting some better light
yeah
it looks sweet so this is a sweet set to
get and start to come across so I'm glad
I found it here and so we have pretty
sweet stuff and yeah that's basically
this this whole place is pretty much
done you're just kind of keep walking
through it you have to hit a button up
there and then you go to the next
warband spot and hope you guys have fun
I hope you get as many soul gems as you
can peace out I forgot to show you one
thing the proof that you get a lot of
soul gems out of here so every soul gem
in my inventory right now is a soldier
that I got from here not one of them I
actually had beforehand I'm a chair
because right as I saw the result gems
and I realized that it's going to be a
big place I put all the soldiers back
banked my soul gems as what I had left
so five common soul gems that are empty
for common with common in them
three grand empty three grand full one
greater empty three greater full and
three pennies I actually do you think
those were from before I don't you don't
get a penny from this so yeah pretty
pretty awesome amount of soul gems
they're very strong soul gems for
perfect and for enchanting so I hope you
guys enjoy this have a great day